---
title: Close of 2018
date: 2018-12-31T04:21:56+00:00
author: ETdoFresh
url: /close-of-2018/
type: post
tags:
  - Personal

---
Another year in the books! Time to reflect and time to look forward&#8230;

### Mirror, mirror of the year&#8230;

Here are some of the key things I remember from this year&#8230;

  * 2018 started with some intense biking for about 2 weeks
  * Mardi Gras spent with my prima Pilly, her family, tia Patty, and tio Gabriel
      * Experienced my first car break in with the family
      * Really enjoyed the sharing of our feelings at the family table with drinks, laughter, and tears
  * Ran the Crescent City Classic with a bad time of ~1:20hr
  * Played many, many Racquetball games with my friends
  * Cut my long hair!
  * Celebrated often in restaurants&#8230; probably most I ever have ever
      * Been a great way to connect with my mom and get me out my shell
  * Completed two classes and another year of research with NIL
  * Went to my first academic conference (AIIDE 2018)
      * Presented a playable experience, and participated in a panel
      * Went to Canada!! Wow! Felt like North USA! :p
  * Spent some great days with my brother, nephews, and sis-in-law various times, Thanksgiving being the freshest in my memory!
  * Implemented Target X Integrations at work almost all by myself.
  * Happy I was able to see many family members and friends this year.
  * Started various computer projects (listed on this site).
  * Continue to have a wonderful relationship which I always seem to take for granted with my wife Colleen.

### Cruise Control Settings for 2019

So before I go on what I want to change about myself, I guess I should start with what I&#8217;ll continue to do&#8230;

  * Take my last classes towards the PhD! Yay!
      * Finally get my Computer Science Masters
  * Crescent City Classic again&#8230; I really want to finish < 1:00hr
  * Find time to celebrate life with family and friends&#8230; always&#8230;
  * Starting and finishing projects&#8230;. for the rest of my days I hope!
  * Start on some Workday Transition!

### Changes for 2019

  * Be more confident in my decisions&#8230;
      * I always tend to overthink what I do.
      * I worry too much about others feelings.
      * I don&#8217;t put enough emphasis on what I feel.
  * Lead Projects I take on&#8230;
      * No longer the days I am a follower&#8230;
      * I&#8217;m a leader, I need to start acting like one&#8230;
      * I must first take charge of myself (above)
      * [Probably will not apply to my day job, lol]